# ${{ values.name }} capability

This backstage component has been generated by [Naftiko Warden](https://shipyard.naftiko.io/fleet/1.0.0-beta1/warden/), a custom backstage template. It is linked to a [GitHub repository](https://github.com/${{ values.repoOwner }}/${{ values.repoName }})

## Repository content

### The capability file(s)

The `${{ values.name }}.ikanos.yml` file is your main capability file. This is the file which is used by the Ikanos server to publish your capability. It may not be complete and you may need to complete it manually. For this, you can use [Naftiko Crafter](https://shipyard.naftiko.io/fleet/1.0.0-beta1/crafter/), a VS Code plugin.

Depending on wheter you're using Apis from your backstage catalog or not, you can also find other capability files `*-consumes.yml`.

### README & Tech docs

The root README.md is the standard README file you can find in a repository to explain its purpose.

The mkdocs.yml and the content of the folder /docs contain the technical documentation you are reading now :) It's almost the same as the README file, but presented in a smarter and more integrated way.

It is based on the backstage TechDocs feature.

### Technical files

Some technical files are also generated in the repository:
* [Backstage files](./backstage.md)
* [Deployment files](./deploy.md)

A GitHub Actions workflow (`.github/workflows/sync-openapi.yaml`) also keeps the provided OpenAPI spec in sync with the capability file. See [Automatic OpenAPI synchronization](./backstage.md#automatic-openapi-synchronization).